Clarify "URI" and "URL" meaning and usage (3.1.1) (#3838)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.1.1.md

### <a name="richText"></a>Rich Text Formatting
Throughout the specification `description` fields are noted as supporting CommonMark markdown formatting.
Where OpenAPI tooling renders rich text it MUST support, at a minimum, markdown syntax as described by [CommonMark 0.27](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.27/). Tooling MAY choose to ignore some CommonMark features to address security concerns. 

> Hyperlinks in CommonMark text are considered to be [#relativeReferencesURI](API description URIs).

Reviewer: This link looks wrong. Should it be something like
```suggestion
Hyperlinks in CommonMark text are considered to be [relative references](#relativeReferencesURI).
```

Author: @ralfhandl thanks for bringing this up, I had to think about it a bit because it's not clear to me how this interacts with rendering the Markdown.  I'm going to take this part out and continue the discussion in issue #1701, which I will take off of the "fixed" list for this PR.

As noted under [Parsing Documents](#parsingDocuments), this specification inherits JSON Schema draft 2020-12's requirements for loading documents and associating them with their expected URIs, which might not match their current location.
This feature is used both for working in development or test environments without having to change the URIs, and for working within restrictive network configurations or security policies.

Note that some URI fields are named `url` for historical reasons, but the descriptive text for those fields uses the correct "URI" terminology.

Unless specified otherwise, all properties that are URIs MAY be relative references as defined by [RFC3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-4.2).

Relative references in [`Schema Objects`](#schemaObject), including any that appear as `$id` values, use the nearest parent `$id` as a Base URI, as described by [JSON Schema Specification Draft 2020-12](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-bhutton-json-schema-00#section-8.2).

> Relative URI references in other Objects, and in Schema Objects where no parent schema contains an `$id`, MUST resolved using the referring document's base URI, which is determined in accordance with [RFC3986 §5.1.2 – 5.1.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-5.1.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relative URI references in other Objects, and in Schema Objects where no parent schema contains an `$id`, MUST be resolved using the referring document's base URI, which is determined in accordance with [RFC3986 §5.1.2 – 5.1.4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-5.1.2).
```
